The data products of Instrumented Systems are flagged by a number of quality assurance checks. These can be either for individual measurements or as a summary from averaged measurements. An automated despiking algorithm is used as part of the data quality checks in place for this data product among other quality flags and quality metrics. In cases where sensors failed calibration a "Suspect Calibration" flag will be added to the corresponding data. Range tests are used to ensure observations fall within the ideal minimum and maximum values. Any large jumps in the data that might be missed with the Range test are typically captured with a Step test. Similarly, persistence tests are used to ensure the fluctuation of recorded values is realistic. If there are missing data points, a null test monitors the amount of missing points over a given period of time.

Please note that quality checks are comprehensive but not exhaustive; therefore, unknown data quality issues may exist. Also note that, conversely, some quality-flagged data are still usable depending on the scientific use case. Additionally, these [Level 1 data](https://www.neonscience.org/data-samples/data-management/data-processing) are not currently gap-filled or corrected for sensor drift or shifts, such as those introduced by sensor swaps or field calibrations. Users are advised to evaluate quality of the data as relevant to the scientific research question being addressed, perform data review and post-processing prior to analysis, and use the data quality flags, issue logs, and maintenance records included in download packages to aid interpretation. A tutorial with examples of how to do this can be found [here](https://www.neonscience.org/resources/learning-hub/tutorials/clean-neon-ais-data).
