Each measurement is accompanied by a final quality flag (VSWCFinalQF and VSICFinalQF). The final quality flag for soil water content data is raised (i.e., VSWCFinalQF = 1) when it is calculated using the sensor manufacturer’s default calibration rather than a soil-specific calibration. However, for many use cases the default calibration is sufficient. To identify data that were solely flagged because they were generated using the default calibration, download the “Expanded” data package and identify rows where VSWCFinalQF = 1, VSWCAlphaQM < 10, VSWCBetaQM < 20, (VSWCFinalQFSciRvw = 0 or NA), and tempFailQM = 0. Each measurement is accompanied by an estimate of measurement uncertainty, expressed at the 95% confidence level (VSWCExpUncert and VSICExpUncert), which comprises known and quantifiable uncertainties.

Please note that quality checks are comprehensive but not exhaustive; therefore, unknown data quality issues may exist. Also note that, conversely, some quality-flagged data are still usable depending on the scientific use case. Additionally, these [Level 1 data](https://www.neonscience.org/data-samples/data-management/data-processing) are not currently gap-filled or corrected for sensor drift or shifts, such as those introduced by sensor swaps or field calibrations. Users are advised to evaluate quality of the data as relevant to the scientific research question being addressed, perform data review and post-processing prior to analysis, and use the data quality flags, issue logs, and maintenance records included in download packages to aid interpretation. A tutorial with examples of how to do this can be found [here](https://www.neonscience.org/resources/learning-hub/tutorials/clean-neon-ais-data).
